Add client-level excluded regions and make it mutable. (#36616)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/cosmos/azure-cosmos/CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed an issue where `pageSize` from `byPage` is not always being honored. This only happens when the same `CosmosQueryRequestOptions` being used through different requests, and different pageSize being used. See [PR 36847](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/36847)
* Fixed an issue where build of `CosmosClient` and `CosmosAsyncClient` was getting blocked for the entire aggressive warmup duration even when all the connections have been opened already. - See [PR 36889](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/36889)
* Fixed `CosmosClient` connection warm up bug to open connections aggressively. - See [PR 36889](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/36889)

> * Wired `excludeRegions` with `CosmosBulkExecutionOptions`. - See[PR 36616](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/36616)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed the issue of `excludeRegions` not being honored for `CosmosBulkExecutionOptions`. - See[PR 36616](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/36616)
```

Author: Fixed in next iteration.

* Fixed an issue where `pageSize` from `byPage` is not always being honored. This only happens when the same `CosmosQueryRequestOptions` being used through different requests, and different pageSize being used. See [PR 36847](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/36847)
* Fixed an issue where build of `CosmosClient` and `CosmosAsyncClient` was getting blocked for the entire aggressive warmup duration even when all the connections have been opened already. - See [PR 36889](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/36889)
* Fixed `CosmosClient` connection warm up bug to open connections aggressively. - See [PR 36889](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/36889)

> * Wired `excludeRegions` with `CosmosBulkExecutionOptions`. - See[PR 36616](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/36616)

Reviewer: Why is this showing up in 4.50.0 release? Did we fix it in last release?

Author: This is a faulty merge conflict resolution. Fixed in next iteration.
